c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\SixthDay.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\SixthDay.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\SixthDay.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewDomcileWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewDomcileWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay_Content.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewBuildingWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\BuildingsWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewBuildingWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\BuildingsWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\RoomsWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\RoomsWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewRoomWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewRoomWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\SixthDay.exe.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\SixthDay.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\SixthDay.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewBuildingWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewDomcileWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewRoomWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\BuildingsWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\RoomsWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewBuildingWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewDomcileWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewRoomWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\BuildingsWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\RoomsWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay.g.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Sixth-Day\SixthDay\SixthDay\obj\Debug\SixthDay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
